Related work (#32)
AAU-Dat/P10-Curdleproofs: report/src/sections/10-acknowledgements.tex

\section{Acknowledgements}\label{sec:acknowledgements}
We want to express our sincere gratitude to Daniele Dell'Aglio and Michele Albano for their supervision and guidance throughout this thesis.

> We also want to thank the authors of springproofs~\cite{zhang2024springproofs} for supplying their code used which we used for reference when building CAAUdleproofs in this thesis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also want to thank the authors of Springproofs~\cite{zhang2024springproofs} for supplying their code used which we used for reference when building CAAUrdleproofs in this thesis.
```

> Also thanks to the authors of Larsen et al.~\cite{cryptoeprint:2022/560} for being of great help by providing answers to our questions regarding their paper on shuffle security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also we thank the authors of Larsen et al.~\cite{cryptoeprint:2022/560} for being of great help by providing answers to our questions regarding their paper on shuffle security.
```
